One-time repair
  Correct numbering to increase across decks
  Add word audio to Spoonfed (and a few Youtube)
  A bunch of cards around New 24017 have hindi
    每位受访的性工作者都希望有更多的选择
    大姐 我是一名性工作者
    甚至有孩子会帮忙招揽生意 叫来皮条客
    或者那种大船载着尸体
    吃饭 住房再少也得花几千塔卡这样
    翻译：为什么不去其它地方呢
    他们会被注射药物
    我年纪轻轻的时候就结婚了
    我供她生活的所有支出
    她们其实在不断流动
    可以和他结婚 和他组建家庭
    那时候我们兄弟姐妹都很小
    
  Enrich all existing sentences with segmentation
    Target word is source of truth
  Suspend and move dup cards into a new deck
  Topo sort
    Swap dup order when the later word was replaced
    Move replaced sentences and their dependent dups generally later, but not too late?
    Or just topo sort the whole collection
  Mark cards with a word outside the list for replace or suspend
  Find and break cycles
    Allow cycles inside 1k at first
    Reduce to 100 and then 10

Reorder decks to reflect frequency
  Write AnkiConnect dependency to Readme
  Write import script

Better auto-sentences
  Better heuristic to call audio->text
  Better merge of audio text and original
  Faster audio->text so we can run it more
  List mismatches between segmenter and sentence split. Ask AI to review for incorrect words.
  Try merging neighboring segments
  Doubled words AABB
  Elastic words separated by common patterns like 得不

Improve workflow for importing to Anki


Low priority
  Allow backtracking between videos
    1. Load many SRT files but not audio
    2. Choose sentences and label them by final order
    3. Load audio of one video at a time and cut audio segment for relevant cards
  - Reduce the n^2 dependence on i+1 bucket. Maybe already done?
  - Better word TTS using some obscure model
  - Define word in context
  - Bigger dictionary e.g. someone's Pleco PLC file
  
Cleanup test_segmenters
  - Import list and venvs to enable more segmenters
  - greedy_segmenter to match other formats
  - catch errors and warnings better
  - show test sentence output

Not sure these are good
  - Merge neighboring subs or avoid very short target sentences
  - Discard 10-20% least dense videos
  - Add bold tags back at the end?
  - Add images

